1.1 Explain Linux boot process concepts
Boot from ISO-  create bootable media, ie flash drive and boot from that
Boot from HTTP/FTP- network booting need DHCP and TFTP servers
/etc/default/grub- Grub settings are stored here. Edit file to change grub2 settings
/etc/grub2.cfg- edit the boot menu 
/boot- located on a file system that is supported by grub. The process of starting the computer
/boot/grub2 - default bootloader, supports all operating systems
/boot/grub- 2 stages, legacy
Mkinitrd- command creates an initial image for the kernel for preloading block device modules which are needed to access the root file system.
Dracut- command creates an initial ramdisk image for preloading modules.
 Grub2-install- command will install the bootloader
Grub2-mkconfig- command will create a new configuration file based on the current running system
Initramfs- root file system for booting the kernel
efi files- bootloader executable, exist on UEFI systems, and contain data on how the boot process should proceed
Vmlinuz- name of the Linux kernel executable
Vmlinux- ELF file uncompressed kernel image used for debugging.
Kernel panic- when the OS can not easily or quickly recover.

1.2 Given a scenario install, configure,and monitor kernel modules
Lsmod- command shows which loaded kernel modules are currently loaded
Insmod- command used to insert modules into the kernel
modprobe - Add and remove modules
modinfo - display kernel mod info
dmesg- review messages stored in ring buffer, memory space reserved for messages, from start up
rmmod - removes module from kernel
depmod-analyzes kernel modules, creates list of dependencies so when modules are added or removed with modprobe, none are w/o other modules they require
Locations:
    /usr/lib/modules/[kernelversion]
    /usr/lib/modules
    /etc/modprobe.conf
    etc/modprobe.d

1.3 given a scenario configure and verify network connection parameters
Ping- test if a network is available and the time it takes to send and get a response from the network
Netstat- gives various network information such as connections, ports in use & processing using them. Old command replaced by ss
Nslookup-  getting info from DNS server. Query DNS to obtain domain name or IP address mapping or any other specific  DNS record. Troubleshoot DNS issues. Old command, replace by dig .
dig- new nslookup command used to gather & display DNS information and diagnose DNS problems
host- find IP given domain name and vice-versa 
route- used to show/manipulate the IP routing table & to setup static routes to specific host or networks via an interface.
ip- display and configures the network interfaces, replaced by iwconfig
ethtool- to display and change Ethernet adapter settings
ss - new netstat command, more TCP and state information
iwconfig- used for displaying current network configuration information, replaced by IP command 
nmcli- controlling network manager from terminal
brctl- used to create and manipulate ethernet bridge.
nmtui - same as nmcli but with a GUI.
